{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f2\fnil Consolas;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20\par
They THINK that agile will make them deliver faster\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P 2: Abdelnour-Nocera 2008 - Adopting Agile In A Large Organisation.pdf - 2:22 [Their recurrent element of int..]  (8:1231-8:1515)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Their recurrent element of interpretation in describing the main benefit of agile was that it would allow them to deliver solutions much faster than they normally do. This idea was shared by developers, delivery and usability managers, product managers and technical  architects.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
New solutions must be delivered on a fast schedule\par
"The engineering team had to deliver rapid incremental improvement."\par
Software quality needs to be improved.\par
"Business pressure for rapid improvement was growing."\par
"The organization would be required to demonstrate significant improvement in a very short timeframe. It was clear traditional software development methodologies simply would not work."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P 5: Beavers 2007 - Managing A Large 'Agile' Software Engineering Organization.pdf - 5:6 [Driven by pressure from extern..]  (1:1063-1:1914)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand to improve product quality - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Driven by pressure from external customers and internal sales managers, BMC Software\rquote s Distributed Systems Management business unit adopted a strategy to modL product line. The engineering team had to deliver rapid incremental improvement. The intense reernize its successful but dated PATROquirements included the need to reduce the effort required by customers to install, configure, and manage their systems management solutions.  At the same time, the team knew existing customers must be able to leverage their investment in currently deployed solutions.\par
Business pressure for rapid improvement was growing.  As a result, the organization would be required to demonstrate significant improvement in a very short timeframe. It was clear traditional software development methodologies simply would not work.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\cf1\f2 There are challenges in achieving faster and more frequent delivery\lang1035\f3 .\par
\cf0\lang1033\f0\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P 8: Brown 2011 - A Case Study In Agile-At-Scale Delivery.pdf - 8:36 [ABC Bank has made a major comm..]  (15:2544-15:2768)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand to improve product quality - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 ABC Bank has made a major commitment to agile delivery practices as a primary way to address the challenges it faces in delivering more effective enterprise systems to its business stakeholders on a more frequent basis.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Provide within shorter cycles in order to focus on highest ROI\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P 8: Brown 2011 - A Case Study In Agile-At-Scale Delivery.pdf - 8:40 [ABC Bank defined a set of obje..]  (4:1592-4:2184)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand for flexibility or responsiveness (in general) - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Lack of focus: business, customer needs, or business priorities - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 ABC Bank defined a set of objectives for an agile adoption approach aimed at making measured improvements in several areas. In particular, by focusing on the highest revenue generating aspects of the business, the primary objective was to achieve a substantial improvement in efficiency in the development effort, aimed at: \par
\bullet  Providing solutions to the business within short release cycles (<12 months but typically releases every 3-4 months for more agile projects); \par
\bullet  Increasing delivery flexibility to change scope as required with minimal impact on schedules and commitments;\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Product deliveries must be timely, to remain competitive\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P 9: Chung 2009 - Agile At Yahoo From The Trenches.pdf - 9:3 [changes needed to be made to t..]  (2:228-2:382)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Something must be done to remain competitive - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Changes needed to be made to the PDP to retain the timely product deliveries necessary to remain competitive in the rapidly growing global market place\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
"we couldn't do business as usual" --> delivery speed must be increased, to remain competitive\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P11: Cowan 2011 - When The VP Is A Scrum Master, You Hit The Ground Running.pdf - 11:3 [The consideration for adopting..]  (1:2040-1:2330)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Something must be done to remain competitive - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [S: Management support - Family: RQ4: Success factors] [T: Top down change - Family: RQ2: Transformation process] [T: Transformation description - Family: RQ2: Transformation process] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 The consideration for adopting Scrum all at once for a new organization was a decision made by a few key leaders at Unisys.  Due to rapid changes in cloud technology, senior leaders understood that we couldn\rquote t do business as usual. Executive sponsorship was key to getting started.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs16 Comment:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360 Reasons to change: "we couldn't do business as usual" points out that delivery speed must be increased, and that the company is at risk of falling off the competition.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
The number of releases needed to be increased, for accuracy\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P15: Federoff 2009 - Successful User Experience In An Agile Enterprise Environment.pdf - 15:4 [In an effort to increase the n..]  (1:2534-1:2719)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Problems with schedule accuracy - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 In an effort to increase the number and accuracy of releases, the R&D organization decided to move all 30 plus development teams from a waterfall development process to an agile one.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Lack of feedback\par
"many people in R&D had not participated in a major release"\par
Release cycles are too long, which is clearly problematic\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P16: Fry 2007 - Large Scale Agile Transformation In An On-Demand World.pdf - 16:48 [Although we were successfully ..]  (1:3553-2:281)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \fs18\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Although we were successfully delivering patch releases, the time between our major releases was growing longer (from 3 months to over 12).  Due to fast company growth and lengthening of our release cycles, many people in R&D had not participated in a major release of our main product. Releases are learning opportunities for the organization. A reduction in releases meant fewer opportunities to learn. This had a detrimental affect on morale and on our ability to deliver quality features to market.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Faster TTM\par
"BMC decided to introduce a new generation of their own successful products before competitors could."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P17: Gat 2006 - How BMC is Scaling Agile Development.pdf - 17:2 [To enhance the product line th..]  (1:2839-1:3180)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [O: Time of transformation - Family: Contextual] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 To enhance the product line the IMG team would create a single architecture for Patrol that would have the features and benefits of both Express and Classic while simultaneously increasing scalability and performance. In simple terms, BMC decided to introduce a new generation of their own successful products before competitors could.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Product needs to be improved quickly.\par
The deadline is looming (TTM) "Target delivery of the first release was less than a year away"\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P17: Gat 2006 - How BMC is Scaling Agile Development.pdf - 17:4 [The challenge for Israel Gat, ..]  (2:1-2:601)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand to improve product quality - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\fs18\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 The challenge for Israel Gat, VP of Development, was to enhance a highly visible and successful product, and do it quickly. The IMG team was faced with merging two different product architectures, expanding flexibility, and substantially increasing the solution\rquote s performance and scalability. Target delivery of the first release was less than a year away and the teams were split across three countries and five locations spanning 11 time zones.\par
In a bold move the team decided that the only way to accomplish their goal in such a tight frame was to adopt an agile development methodology.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Reduce TTM "Ericsson set a corporate R&D goal to reduce Time to Market"\par
Faster cycles became necessary "This forced the PDU to deliver products in much short cycles."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P18: Goos 2008 - An Ericsson Example Of Enterprise Class Agility.pdf - 18:2 [In 2005 Ericsson set a corpora..]  (1:1029-1:1370)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 In 2005 Ericsson set a corporate R&D goal to reduce Time to Market (TTM) by 50% in 4 years time. To achieve this Ericsson introduced a \lquote streamline\rquote  concept. Part of that concept was time boxing. The average time-box became about three months instead of 6 to 12 months. This forced the PDU to deliver products in much short cycles.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Reduction in lead time, increase in responsiveness, "both appealing and necessary" "in our \lquote new\rquote  multimedia market place"\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P18: Goos 2008 - An Ericsson Example Of Enterprise Class Agility.pdf - 18:39 [Ericsson has a footprint and h..]  (1:3242-1:3567)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand for flexibility or responsiveness (in general) - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of better customer collaboration - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Ericsson has a footprint and high ambitions in the multimedia communications market. Achieving the mindset right, realizing a further reduction in lead time, increasing responsiveness to customer requirements and taking learning more seriously in our \lquote new\rquote  multimedia market place are both appealing and necessary.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
Fear of competitors, something must be done\par
"an alarming state that could enable competitors to gain market share"\par
The release duration is seen as the pinnacle problem\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P19: Greening 2013 - Release Duration And Enterprise Agility.pdf - 19:7 [The average release duration p..]  (5:453-5:770)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360 At this time Scrum principles were used loosely by half of the teams.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 The average release duration peaked at 41 and 35 months, an alarming state that could enable competitors to gain market share. Figure 1 shows that,  in organizationally stable periods when waterfall methods were used, release duration increased. This seems likely due to the accumulation of technical debt.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Speed of delivery\par
"Speed of delivery is of the essence \endash  customers are no longer prepared to wait for 18 months or more for solutions to be delivered."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P23: Hanly 2006 - Agile Coaching In British Telecom - Making Strawberry Jam.pdf - 23:5 [Its new systems must support t..]  (1:2996-1:3317)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Customers push for improvement - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Its new systems must support the sale, delivery and support of both telephony and advanced multimedia services \endash  both today and well into the future \endash  and they must be flexible. Speed of delivery is of the essence \endash  customers are no longer prepared to wait for 18 months or more for solutions to be delivered.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Long cycle time is seen as a general problem\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P25: Korhonen 2012 - Evaluating The Impact Of An Agile Transformation - A Longitudinal Case Study In A Distributed Context.pdf - 25:6 [The problems they encountered ..]  (5:358-5:581)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Integration problems - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \fs18\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 The problems they encountered were the usual issues that occur when using the waterfall development model (Petersen and Wohlin 2010), that is, long cycle-time and integration problems before the system-level testing phase.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
TTM must be reduced\par
"BT is facing rapid marketplace changes that require it to radically increase its speed to market."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P32: McDowell 2007 - British Telecom Experience Report - Agile Intervention - Bt'S Joining The Dots Events For Organizational Change.pdf - 32:2 [BT is facing rapid marketplace..]  (1:2327-2:178)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Something must be done to remain competitive - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 BT is facing rapid marketplace changes that require it to radically increase its speed to market. BT now must compete with companies ranging from telecom providers to 18 S. McDowell and N. Dourambeis new technology companies like Google and Skype.  From a strategic view, there is little alternative than to change the \ldblquote old ways of working\rdblquote .\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Long cycles is seen as a problem in itself\par
"the number of releases had slowed to one major release per year"\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P33: Mencke 2008 - A Product Manager'S Guide To Surviving The Big Bang Approach To Agile Transitions.pdf - 33:26 [the number of releases had slo..]  (1:1835-1:2016)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 the number of releases had slowed to one major release per year as of 2005. This steady decrease in productivity was attributable to the company\rquote s loose, waterfallbased process\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
It is realized that development was slow, and needs to be improved\par
"Business ... felt the all-too-common frustrations with the pace and cost of development."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P36: Nielsen 2005 - The Agile Journey -Adopting Xp In A Large Financial Services Organization.pdf - 36:5 [But, as in many organizations ..]  (2:23-2:649)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand for better responsiveness to changing business needs - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Problems with overhead, excess, and cost in process - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Multifamily has been developing software applications to complement its operational efforts for almost two decades. For much of that time, it followed a traditional, phase-based approach to software development. But, as in many organizations following this approach, a good deal of tension had developed over the years between the IT and business personnel. IT was frustrated with what it saw as a never-ending succession of requirements changes from business people who could \ldblquote not make up their minds.\rdblquote  Business, for its part, felt the all-too-common frustrations with the pace and cost of development. They had a difficult time understanding why putting their new ideas into production always took longer and cost more than seemed reasonable. As the 21st century began, both business and IT realized that something needed to change.\fs16\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
A "small system" needed to be put in place as fast as possible\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P36: Nielsen 2005 - The Agile Journey -Adopting Xp In A Large Financial Services Organization.pdf - 36:6 [In the fourth quarter of 2001,..]  (2:787-2:1154)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [T: Transformation description - Family: RQ2: Transformation process] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 In the fourth quarter of 2001, the business needed to put a small system in place with as much speed, and as little operational risk, as possible. They engaged Digital Focus to meet that need. While Digital Focus\rquote s solution satis\u-1279?ed the demand for rapid, reliable development, it also had the effect of introducing Multifamily to the advantages of an agile approach.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
TTM must be improved, to remain competitive\par
"The market was moving faster than the development group was able to deliver."\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P38: O'Connor 2011 - Anatomy And Physiology Of An Agile Transition.pdf - 38:1 [The market was moving faster t..]  (1:1896-1:2272)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Something must be done to remain competitive - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 The market was moving faster than the development group was able to deliver. How many times have you heard this or a similar phrase? Situations like this strike fear into many a company\rquote s leadership whether or not they deal in software, but doubly so in a company that depends on software to deliver their products. This situation set the stage for Gale\rquote s transformation.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
The TTM needed to be shortened\par
The testing time needed to be shortened\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P39: Prokhorenko 2012 - Skiing And Boxing - Coaching Product And Enterprise Teams.pdf - 39:4 [Our client had a track record ..]  (2:946-2:1277)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Our client had a track record of successful delivery for more than ten years with the waterfall process so their main concern in transitioning to agile was to keep quality at the same level while shortening time to market. This called for a shorter regression testing cycle, necessitating a wider use of automated testing.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Project stakeholders demand "as early releases as possible"\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P39: Prokhorenko 2012 - Skiing And Boxing - Coaching Product And Enterprise Teams.pdf - 39:35 [Several explicit requests from..]  (3:2925-3:3251)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Customers push for improvement - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Several explicit requests from the project stakeholders helped determine our choice of distributed Scrum process: \par
- Develop self-organized teams which understand business goals and priorities; \par
- Use a scalable approach which allows for quick performance increase as needed; and \par
- Have as early releases as possible.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
The goal was to "deliver better quality faster"\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P41: Roche 2009 - The Amazing Team Race A Team Based Agile Adoption.pdf - 41:2 [adopted Agile with the goal of..]  (1:1348-1:1608)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand to improve product quality - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Problems with planning or keeping schedules - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Projects do not meet goals, business needs, or expectations - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 adopted Agile with the goal of building high performing teams to deliver better quality software faster. Prior to Agile, our projects typically had durations of 9 to 18 months and were often late, over budget, or did not fully meet the business needs.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Development is "too slow and too expensive across the board"\par
\par
Business cared only about speed to value.\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P46: Seffernick 2007 - Enabling Agile In A Large Organization Our Journey Down The Yellow Brick Road.pdf - 46:7 [Our business partners were als..]  (1:3845-1:4284)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Customers push for improvement - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Problems with overhead, excess, and cost in process - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Projects do not meet goals, business needs, or expectations - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Our business partners were also not happy and did not trust development.  They often looked and decided on package solutions without engaging the technology group.  They told development teams, \ldblquote the only thing you care about is your process,\rdblquote  and \ldblquote you make 92% of your commitments, but you are not helping the business, because you are failing on the big high value projects and too slow and too expensive across the board.\rdblquote\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Our conversations with our business partners told us that the only measure they cared about was speed to value. Given that value is often judgmental, the best way to assess improvement was to ask. They told us by real actions, such as trusting us to develop viable solutions to their problems. This is the stage where our developers began dreaming of a better place.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
There was a desire to reduce TTM\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P47: Silva 2007 - The Growth Of An Agile Coach Community At A Fortune 200 Company.pdf - 47:2 [Agile adoption at Capital One ..]  (1:869-1:1005)   (Super)\par
\b0\fs16 Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\fs18 No memos\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 Agile adoption at Capital One started in early 2004 and was brought about by a desire to decrease IT project delivery time to market.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
Competition has changed\par
Fast response is required\par
Development takes too long\par
"software was taking too long to develop, too long to deploy, and providing too little assurance that what was either developed or deployed was really going to ferry the corporation through the tumultuous waters of its marketplace"\par
\par
\cf1\b\f1\fs18 P49: Spayd 2003 - Evolving agile in the enterprise implementing XP on a grand scale.pdf - 49:7 [Long delivery cycles of a year..]  (5:1940-5:2547)   (Super)\par
\cf0\b0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 In 2002, Qwest Communications, a large telecommunications company headquartered in Denver, CO, was forced to respond to dramatic changes in its market as it moved from what had been a stable, main street business to one of chaos, uncertainty, and constant challenge. Consolidation in the telecommunications industry coupled with ruthless competition had forced the change. The organization, driven to respond quickly and profitably to its new market situation, instituted an aggressive program of organizational changes. In response, the IT department began a grand experiment\par
\fs16\par
Codes:\tab [R: Demand of improved delivery speed, frequency, or TTM - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Problems with overhead, excess, and cost in process - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] [R: Projects do not meet goals, business needs, or expectations - Family: RQ1: Reason to change] \par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\cf1\f1\fs18 one of the first orders of business was to evaluate its software methodology approach and its associated delivery mechanisms. A quick but painful perusal of the process revealed that software was taking too long to develop, too long to deploy, and providing too little assurance that what was either developed or deployed was really going to ferry the corporation through the tumultuous waters of its marketplace.\par
\cf0\f0\fs20\par
\par
}
 